welcome back to my channel this video is
for nail polish nerds only and I will be
talking about a wonderful product by the
name up dazzle dry if you want to learn
how to have a manicure last for a week
or more chip free keep watching the
product is awesome and that's why I'm
doing a review on it it comes with a
three piece system to kind of get you
started this doesn't include any color
it's a nail prep a base coat in a top
coat to be honest this is really all you
need to get started their nail polishes
are just an added extra bonus I did to
kind of experiments I did one with just
the nail the nail prep the base coat in
the top coat and then I also use their
nail polishes which are great too just
to see if the chipping and the where
time with any different and just so you
know it's not so that's great I have
super super oily nails so regular like
Sally Hansen nail polish or something
like that lasts about two days for me
like no joke no more and if i'm using a
better quality polish it lasts maybe
three days but this last seriously a
week i'm on day nine right now and these
two fingers are the only ones that have
chipped and sorry I'm just I got new
lighting so if it's not perfect my
apologies but anyway these two are the
only ones that have chipped and this is
because these are the the fingers I use
most for doing nitpicky things like I
said it comes with a three piece system
the three-piece system is I can't really
exactly remember what I think was
between 30 and 35 dollars in Canada I
know this isn't a new product by any
means in the US but in Canada we
couldn't really order it online or get
it at the store to get this product in
Canada I will leave a link in the
downbar and in the USA you can go to
dazzle dry calm but I'll leave all the
information in the ground ball right now
in Vancouver you can purchase the
three-piece nail kit at a place by the
name of beauty mark it's an yaletown if
you haven't been there you should
definitely go check it out I really
enjoy going there a lot of times you can
go to the store and you kind of feel
like you're not cool enough to be there
but that's definitely not the case with
beauty mark they're all really nice
girls and super helpful they'll only be
during the dazzle dry 3p system while
supplies last so if you want to go get
it you should so the cost per polished
like I said the nail prep the base coat
and the topcoat are about thirty to
thirty-five dollars and the nail
polishes separately or about twelve
dollars each that's in Canada in the
states I think there are about eleven
dollars another great thing about this
product is that it is five free not
three free 53 I just said 53 I'll tell
you what they are right now because i
can't pronounce a couple of them so
another great thing that i want to
mention about this nail polish is that
it claims to strengthen your nails and
it does since using this polish for
about a month I feel like they've gained
strength I don't know if that's my
imagination but I I honestly can feel it
working and I I know other nail polish
and nail strengtheners have claimed to
do that but I I didn't really notice a
difference and with this stuff I really
do the best thing about this polish and
I mean the best thing is that it drives
in five minutes it says on their website
address in five minutes rock hard and
normally I would be like oh yeah a right
nice try buddy anyway thanks for coming
up but I ya know it's serious it drives
in five minutes not only does it dry in
five minutes it you can do whatever you
want five minutes you can have a shower
you can do the dishes you can clean your
house you can bake bread need your hands
in there because it's dry and it is a
dream come true that's my kitty cat he's
sleeping yeah I really don't know what
else I can say about this polish except
that I really love it I haven't loved a
polish or been excited about a top coat
for a long time and it's amazing one
thing that I do as a little tip I do my
nails and I talk coat them and then the
following day I put another top coat on
and seal the tip just so it has that
extra added layer of protection and it
can fight against tip where even longer
so as usual I have a quote for you today
and the quote that I want to share with
you is by henry van dyke and it goes a
lil something like latex use what
talents you possess the woods would be
very silent if
no birds sang there except those that
sang best I really love that quote
because you don't have to be the best at
something to start doing what you love
there's always going to be somebody out
there that you perceive to be better or
more talented than you and the truth is
is that we all have our own special gift
to give and I encourage you to share it
with the world welcome back sparkles she
is a little distraught and the reason
why is because she feels like dazzle dry
should have named their product sparkle
dry she doesn't even want to talk about
it she's so upset and because sparkles
is so distraught today we have a new
friend joining us and his name ladies
and gentlemen is lord Niles of Cambridge
okay we don't know how long he'll last
year he just woke up this is Niles
ladies and gentlemen and he is the most
beautiful cat of all time and he is a
lord oh he says no thank you mom I am
tired and you just woke me up one second
i'll show you how big Niles's whoa look
at them Niles you're huge look at how
big he is oh hello my name is lord Niles
bye-bye people please like and subscribe
to my mother's videos that's what
analysis before he goes and he's leaving
and he's leaving
you